I really like to face challenges the
challenges roll eventually let me
improve myself and I think the attitude
of like loving facing challenges this is
kind of this can be defined as hustling
what else on your shirt
or you can just call me Paul my first
major as law and my second major is
business today in the morning I set it a
little bit and then after that I'm going
to pick up graduation clothes for my
friend and then having lunch with my
friend's parents and after that I'm
going to practice my rapping for my
performance later at night I'm going to
work and it's study more when I come
back I study Chinese for like sixty six
months and I came to China so he was
really hard time I mean the first year
was really hard for me
[Music]
every lecture I had to preview review
even though I preview in review I didn't
get 60% so I had to ask for it every
time to my friends and to my friend
professors I learn it by memorizing a
lot of words and through reading books
but but it was really hard to improve my
speaking of Chinese it was so I had to
think about how to how to improve my
training so I made a lot of Chinese
friends I also made Chinese girlfriend
you know animal super point ball unless
somebody points home but it's see
someone with it don't squander it cuz
that way everybody all could be
important more so i keep conjuring I
first started rapping when I was we can
write our own respective invite oh sorry
so we're not listen to when I listen to
another rapper's song I can I can guess
what he is I can guess what he
experienced I can guess what the value
oh we sure drumlin my shoes yeah she
gently against you Dosher Tigers torchon
shoulder Suzanne like they should have
beautiful taking shower were like riding
scooter not sure why Leah Leah what the
performance yeah but I have to practice
a lot for my performance like one months
ago I have to memorize all the words all
the lyrics because I cannot I can I make
mistakes and performance that is now
right acting
we're at one of the ching was past
library and i want to show you guys our
best library one of the best libraries
we have so many libraries in here and i
really like this place because this was
the first place I went when I just first
came to chin-hua University because my
Chinese is not as good as Chinese
students so I had to study a lot study
whole day so I just bring you one one
friend and we always sit here go instead
here just study together yeah I would
just wanted to show you guys where I
study it's a great place
[Music]
you